During the last years of participation in the CS Games, UQAM did not understand how some teams could keep this pace for an entire weekend, while remaining competitive. After some research, UQAM students finally found the reason for all of this: These teams were"cheating". Indeed, they used a special drink called overclock, which made them  stronger, focused and brightest to face the legendary CS Games ...

Faced with this discovery just as revolting as unexpected, the UQAM computer students then decided it was time to redress the balance! For this, they began by cleverly stealing a few drops of this mysterious drink at the CS Games 2015 in Sherbrooke. Then they gave the sample at UQAM's bioinformatics department to analyze it and be able to reproduce the "overclock" and use it in the future games.

After months and months of research, UQAM could finally be like the other teams, the famous "overclock". But unfortunately for humanity (or what's left of it), the UQAMians did not want to stop there! Not content to finally be able to compete with other CS Games teams, they wanted more, much more ... They decided they would improve the "overclock" to be sure to win the next game!

In their scientific madness, they named this project "caféinus" since the overclock was composed mainly of coffee and redbull. So they began their search, unaware of what was going to happen ... It is said that they used different techniques such as distillation, adding a few ingredients in the process. Today, nobody knows exactly what they have done, the information on the project were well guarded by Uqamians. In the end, they managed to concentrate the improved overclock in small pills.
