The Republic was doing good and the Great Leader had always been a good person, and his life experience made him the wisest human still alive. On the other side, his restricted council changed over generations, as not everyone was immortal like him. From time to time, some people inside de restricted council were blinded by power, and wanted more of it. Unfortunately for them, the Leader considered that everybody under the dome was equal, and that the people with more power shouldn’t get a better treatment than the others. Some day, the Leader began to be sick. He didn’t want to alert the people living under the dome, so he kept it secret. The best doctors of the dome were called, and secretly worked to try to find what was hapenning to the Leader. It seemed like his mutation was out of control, his cells were multiplicating too much, which was slowly killing him.

There was nothing to do to save the Leader. During this period, almost nobody knew the condition of the leader. Some members of the restricted council decided it was the time to act. They organized an operation to kill the Leader and take the control over the dome. The problem was that everybody loved the Leader, and nobody will accept his death and the restricted council taking the power. Their solution was to use the images and voice samples of the Leader to make it look like he’s still alive, while they were governing in the shadows.

Unfortunately for them, someone found a solution to save the Leader. He knew how to transfer a conscience from a human being to a computer. This solution was adopted. It took some time to setup the operation, and during this time, the corrupted part of the council convinced the other ones to follow their plan. They would wait until the operation is finished, and destroy the computer in which the Leader was, so nobody knows they did this.

The operation was successful, and the Leader was now “living” in a computer! After everybody else leaved, the restricted council applied their plan, and destroyed the computer. Despite their efforts, it wasn’t over yet! The leader had seen this coming and transfered his consciousness in every devices of the dome, becoming omniscient and omnipotent.They were prepared for this eventuality and already uploaded a program to the dome system that was supposed to erase every trace of the Leader. Apparently, the program worked.

But little do they know, the Leader successfully transfered his consciousness into and usb key, just as he realised what was hapenning. Since this time, the key is lost somewhere in the dome...
