Soon, the three entries were under control. It was a first small victory for the rebellion, but the battle was far from over. Now that the militia was aware of the attack, the remainder of the progression would be more complicated. Indeed, the tunnels from the entries to the surface and leading to the depot were straight. At the end of thoses tunnels, the militia took refuge behind reinforced doors and armored heavy machine guns.

First, the rebels tried to run as fast as possible to the doors of the depot. They wanted to take advantage of their number to overwhelm the defenses of the Empire and storm inside the depot. From there, it would be nearly finished. Unfortunately, the rebel body began to pile up in each of the three access tunnels. As expected, the defense had a big advantage in these tunnels, and the firepower of the empire was much greater than that of the rebellion.

Time passed, and the rebellion had not progressed. We had to hurry, or the empire would have time to send reinforcements from the Dome through the main tunnel to the depot. At this moment, in the north tunnel, one of the best men of the rebellion, Private Ryan, managed a shot that would be remembered. He managed to get a clear line of fire, hiding among the bodies of his fallen comrades. He shot the militiaman who controlled the machine gun with a direct hit to the head with unparalleled accuracy. The bullet went just through the small slot that was used to aim. The rebels did not give any time to the militia to replace the shooter for the machine gun, and ran up to to take control of it. Seeing that they woulnd’t have time, the militiamen returned to the depot and closed the blast doors. Fortunately, the rebellion brought explosives for these doors.

Just before the doors, the tunnel was wider (extra space was needed for the machine gun and some guards). Rebels placed the explosives to blow up the armored doors. Once the doors opened, a seemingly endless stream of rebels flooded the main depot. It was a carnage, there were two heavy machine guns waiting for them inside, one on each side. There was a total of 8 of them in the depot, but each pair was facing one of the entrances, and could not turn around to cover the opposite side. Taking advantage of their number again, the rebels finally reached the two guns from the north entrance, and neutralized the shooters.

This breach permitted to break the defenses of the mines from the inside. There were about four guards for each heavy machine gun, and they all rushed to help defend the north entrance. Once the machine guns taken, the remaining guards surrendered, seeing they could not do anything. Then, the rebels who had managed to get through the north entrance had taken the mines. They only needed to open the doors of the other entrances to let everyone in.
