????? + 1 α513 (2)

After giving us these few things (I could also get you back through Neven), we were escorted by the Sergeant McGregor and part of his unit to the gates of the dome. During all the way, I began to ask myself countless questions. I had heard only rumors about life outside the dome. Especially since the establishment of the empire, who was saying to the people that life outside was almost impossible because of the radiation, lack of air and resources. The empire has described the survivors outside the dome as wild, mostly deformed due to the changes brought by the same radiation that made survival difficult. I, who had always lived under the dome with a roof over his head and lacking nothing, how could I survive in such an environment?

The more we approached the door, the more I panicked. A few hours earlier, I expected to die. Now, the fear of not being able to survive in the outside world gradually paralyzed me. When the doors of the dome appeared in the distance, my legs became heavy and wobbly, I even tripped over my own feet! I saw my whole life flash before me. What would become the family farm where I grew up? Now that Neven is part of the militia, he has no time to take care of it. What will happen to Neven, once I'd be gone? So many unanswered questions which were intensifying my fear of being expelled from the dome. It was at that moment that I realized that I could never get my old life back, and I would have to adapt as best as possible to what was coming.
