Everyone was at his post, the assault was imminent. The generals gave final instructions to the participants: "Be as fast and incisive as possible.  Kill only if you have no other choice, we're not cold-blooded murderers like the Empire. The main objective is to gain control of the mines, they will become the new headquarters of the rebellion if we succeed. The resources they contain will be useful for our cause. Once the mines are taken, we will destroy the tunnel that links them with the Dome, so the Empire cannot counter attack". The key to victory was indeed the destruction of the tunnel connecting the main depot of the mines to the dome. It was huge, planned to transport the resources extracted from mines using vehicles. It could then by used by the Empire to fall back to the dome if it saw the battle was lost. It was also through this tunnel that the Empire could request reinforcements if the battle lingered, or counter attack later if it lost. The purpose of the rebellion was to destroy the greatest possible part of the tunnel, to make any counter attack impossible.

It was the middle of the night when the assault was given. Outside, everything was quiet, nothing foreshadowed a rebel attack. Each of the entries communicating with the surface was monitored by Imperial militia. As the Empire wanted to keep secret of the mines existence, guards were positioned at the front and the back of tunnels, not on the surface, it would attract too much attention. Inside the mines, no one suspected anything. Outside, the typical sound of a foghorn resounded, it was the signal. At each entry, hundreds of rebels rushed towards the inside of the mines.

At the bottom of the ladder that was accessible from the hatch, the rebels entered one by one. It also was the entry where their arrival was most discreet, since the other two were equipped with elevators which made noise on the descent. The hatch was the first entry to fall into rebel hands, the guards were overwhelmed by surprise, and had no time to react.

At the others entries, the task was more difficult. When the first group of rebels descended by elevator, the guards were ready to receive them, alerted by the noise. This is where the first deaths began, for both sides. Nevertheless, these two entries have fallen under rebel control fairly quickly, the militias being outnumbered 5 against 30.
