????? + 1 α513 (3)

Arrived at the doors of the dome, they placed us in single file. I had never had the opportunity to see the doors of dome close up. They are located in a prohibited area, a little away from the city center. They are much bigger than what I expected, I would say they are at least 15 meters high. The doors began to open slowly. Before, the dome was a welcoming area, anyone from outside could come before the doors and seek asylum, this place was planned for this. Therefore, the doors open inwardly. This allowed me to realize how impressive they are. What shocked me the most is their thickness. Given their height and thickness, I wondered how they could manage to move them.

We were thus placed in a line, a few meters from the famous doors. At that time, they were more like the entry gates of hell, unfortunately. Members of the militia battalion that had brought us here were arranged in U around us. Behind us left and right, to keep frim escaping ... At the front, a little out right, McGregor sergeant was holding a paper in his hands. It contained the names of dissidents from the queue. I was placed at the very end. McGregor then called the first person, ordering him to come forward. The scene looked almost like a medal ceremony, but it was not. Once the first person in the queue arrived before McGregor, he began: "Glen fermin, you are guilty of treason against the empire of the dome. For this crime, you are condemned to banishment from the dome. The sentence takes effect today, here and now. Put on your gas mask if you want to have a chance of survival. Now get out. "

Poor Glen fell into tears in front of everybody. He begged pardon, swearing that he would never contradict the imperial policy ever again. The militiaman closest to him then approached, and pointed his weapons right at Glen. Everything went silent, the tension had mounted in the space of a few seconds, it was almost palpable. Seeing that he could not change his situation, Glen then got out of the dome, still in tears ...

Everyone else still present in the file, including myself, were then to tremble. We all knew this was going to happen the same way ... We were fifteen, I had to wait and watch all others before me, powerless, before being banish myself.
