Day 25 Antimony α666 saw the biggest front battle ever led by the rebellion against the Empire. All rebel forces were called to gather, and almost all of them were present. Some say they were hundreds, others say it was thousands, only those who were there know the truth. A spy had reported in a recent report the existence of the Morriar mines, hidden underground and controlled by the Empire. They were used to improve technology and armament of the Dome. In a second report, our spy sent the plans of the mines. They had for a main depot at their center that served many purposes.
First was storage for the harvested resources, before sending them to the Dome. The depot also contained a research laboratory, where the Imperial scientists developed new technologies. Finally, it contained a control center which was used to conduct mining operations. The mining tunnels were located below the depot.
There were several ways to access the mines. First was behind a waterfall, north of the mines. It was almost impossible to know its existence. Once past the curtain of water was a big cave. At the end was an elevator that went into a tunnel directly connected to the main depot. To the south, another entrance was hidden. It was in the form of a hatch. This hatch was located in a dense forest, covered with leaves and earth, used for disguise. It gave access to a ladder, leading to another tunnel that joined the main depot. The last entry was in the east, in the basement of the ruins of an old building. An elevator was going down to the level of another tunnel that was also going to the main depot. These three inputs were actually more like emergency exits. The main entrance of the Morriar mines was in the form of a huge tunnel that connected the main depot directly to the Dome. This tunnel allowed the empire to hide the existence of mines for everybody else. The tunnel entrance was located in the dome in an area prohibited.

Rebel forces were divided into three groups of equal size. Each of his group was in front of one of the entrances to the surface. The goal was to start a synchronized and fast assault, a blitz that would leave no chance to the Imperial defenses. Despite this strategy, nothing was sure. The Empire had a big defense advantage. The tunnels giving access to the main depot were not as wide as the one between the dome and the mines, they did not allow more than two or three men to stand side by side. The advantage of the numbers of the rebellion was therefore reduced. Moreover, the empire also had a technological advantage, his weapons were more advanced and efficient than those of the rebellion.

Each battalion was led by one of the three generals of the rebellion. Constantine Weekes was leading his troops from the entrance behind the waterfall, Stanislas Cronus from the hatch and Gordon Gudmund from the old building.
