During their escape, militia and workers of the Dome who were present in the mines had taken all they could with them. In the rush, they didn’t have the time to take everything. Once the rebels had taken control, they could get a part of the equipment and technology of the Dome, which was much better than what they had at the time. In the mines, there was also a laboratory where scientists were developing new technologies with the resources that were mined there. The entierty of the scientists work was not destroyed, which allowed the rebellion to reproduce some weapons produced in the mines. This victory over the Empire was their largest and the one that has had the most impact in the fight against the empire in the history of the rebellion.

The day of the battle, while almost all the rebels were in the mines to fight, something went wrong. The empire destroyed the headquarters of the rebellion: the Benelux, main bar of Pallet Town. The bar served as headquarters for the generals of the rebellion since its creation. Not only the Benelux, but the entire town was destroyed that day. Many innocent people died this day. A tribute was made to the manager of the Benelux, for he and his family were always there to help the rebellion.

After this, the mines became the new headquarters for the rebellion. The old entrances were blocked, and new ones were created. Thus, the empire could not easily predict an assault on the mines to recover it. Inside, they have been designed to accommodate more people. Based on the original plans, the rebellion has even recreated the Benelux, in the mines.
