Life was good under the dome, the Republic was  until, from one day to the next, the picture darkens. The leader and his restricted council have radically changed their behavior, becoming more aggressive, hungry of power. They began were selecting people who may come into the dome, and even started to expel some slowly. The police of the dome then became a militia that applied the decisions of the empire to the letter. Those who did not agree with the new dome were hunted down and banished outside, in a world that was not yet ready to receive them. The leader and his restricted council then called their new governement The Empire.

Social inequalities began to appear. Since the Emperor and his restricted council were all members of the elite faction before the creation of the coalition, the Empire decided that the descendants of the elite faction were now the better people under the dome, and should be respected and adored. All the other dome inhabitants were forced to work to make the life of the elite as good as possible.

As time passed, the empire was using it’s power to control everything. Cameras and microphones were present around the dome, the militia patrolled day and night, looking for opponents of the regime. At the same time, the dome was now controlled by computers, whose empire had total control. Everyone wondered how the Emperor could change so radically, then they understood that he had been influenced by his power on the dome. Nobody was able to go out or get in without authorization. The banished or the other survivors were hunted if they approached too close.
