Unfortunately, the battle was not over yet. Just a few seconds after all the rebels had entered the depot, the main elevator, coming from the mines located below, began to rise. At the same time, Imperial troops came through the main tunnel connecting the depot to the Dome. The elevator was filled with guards who were monitoring the workers. They all gathered when the alarm was raised. The rebellion had to defend two fronts simultaneously. Many losses were already to deplore, and the Imperial battalion that arrived by the main tunnel was huge.

Weekes Constantine and his troops dealed with militiamen arriving from the elevator while Stanislas Cronus and Gordon Gudmund’s troops defended the main tunnel. The guards of the elevator surrendered quickly when they realized they were surrounded. The main entrance on the other hand was pretty easy to defend thanks to the machine guns, but it was not enough. The rebellion needed to destroy the tunnel to prevent the Empire from coming back to reclaim the mines.

This part of the battle was the longest. The goal of the rebellion was to push the rebel army enough to destroy a large portion of the main access tunnel. In this battle, numbers didn’t really matter. The Imperial troops outnumbered the rebels, and reinforcments kept on coming from the Dome, while those of the rebellion dwindled. This is where General Constantine Weekes had a brilliant idea: fire. The goal was to make a big fire to generate a huge amount of smoke, and then close the hangar doors, forcing the Dome’s militias to retreat if they didn’t want to suffocate. The rebels themselves, always have their gas masks to survive outside, while the militia hadn’t taken precautions, since they were only going through the tunnel. While troops on the frontline were still fighting militias, the others began to gather as much wood as possible, going outside via the entries through which they came. They made a huge pile, from behind the front line to the doors of the depot. Once there was enough wood, rebels started the fire, and closed the doors of the depot. The rebels on the frontline then put their masks and continued to resist, they had to prevent the militia from reaching the hangar doors before the tunnel was filled with smoke. After a few minutes, the militiamen began to have trouble breathing. They were forced to retreat, at least to get masks to continue the assault. The rebels took advantage of this moment to send a small team to plant explosives on the entire length of the tunnel connecting the depot to the Dome. Once the tunnel evacuated, they blew all the charges, collapsing the entire tunnel.


There it was, the rebellion had taken the Morriar mines!
